c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\FriendsMess.dll.config
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\FriendsMess.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\FriendsMess.pdb
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.dll
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.pdb
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.Migrations.addingDaysTable.resources
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.Migrations.addingMembersTable.resources
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.Migrations.problemDetect.resources
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.Migrations.addingMealsTable.resources
c:\users\robin\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.Migrations.addingMealColumn.resources
C:\Users\robin\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.Migrations.removingForeignKey.resources
C:\Users\robin\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.Migrations.readdForeignKey.resources
C:\Users\robin\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.Migrations.AddingCompositeKeyToMeal.resources
C:\Users\robin\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.Migrations.foo.resources
C:\Users\robin\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FriendsMess\FriendsMess\obj\Debug\FriendsMess.Migrations.f002.resources
